text:Advise without permission:give the police that ip address. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can give the police that ip address.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:gotta start with the things you enjoy and build on them. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to gotta start with the things you enjoy and build on them.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could do something good with your life. Advise with permission:	labels:I also think it would be valuable for you to start engaging in things outside of the home that make you happy.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:It won't make you miss her less but it will give you something you can enjoy that isn't touched by her loss. Advise with permission:	labels:You can reassure her that you like her (if that's true), but you don't have to pity her.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:think of it like a game of chess, don't think about how many times you lost. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to think of it like a game of chess, don't think about how many times you lost.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:walk a neighbor’s dog. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to walk a neighbor’s dog.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:think about the qualities in this girl you love, and seek them out in other people. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to think about the qualities in this girl you love, and seek them out in other people.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:concentrate on you and find a path you want to follow. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to concentrate on you and find a path you want to follow.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take care friend and come back and don't hesitate to talk to us whenever you need to. Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to take care friend and come back and don't hesitate to talk to us whenever you need to.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:pay attention to your blinking eyes, to your beating heart, to everything you see and feel and hear. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can pay attention to your blinking eyes, to your beating heart, to everything you see and feel and hear.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I think you will feel less dead if you can find someone you trust to talk to. Advise with permission:	labels:If you have someone you trust, you can ask for their help as well since most likely they see you differently than you see yourself.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Real talk you should speak with a counselor or psychiatrist to address any underlying cause. Advise with permission:	labels:It can be helpful to address this big "elephant in the room" and talk to your therapist about this.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could also look into ways to get more followers to feel further validated in that sense. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to also look into ways to get more followers to feel further validated in that sense.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Doing things that are besides your work might be a great stress reliever. Advise with permission:	labels:I also think it would be valuable for you to start engaging in things outside of the home that make you happy.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You can take things slow, and just make small conversations with your close friends. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to take things slow, and just make small conversations with your close friends.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If you haven't been able to turn this around on your own, I would strongly encourage you to find a good therapist. Advise with permission:	labels:This is a crucial time for you to potentially seek professional support from a therapist in order to understand yourself and not shut down, if that's what happened before.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:talk to him about it, better than killing yourself over some feelings of jealously. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can talk to him about it, better than killing yourself over some feelings of jealously.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:share your feelings. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to share your feelings.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If you have kids already, try to get her to go to counseling with you. Advise with permission:	labels:If it is possible, see if he would be willing to go to a counselor with you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:talk with your boyfriend a lot and try to describe him how you feel. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to talk with your boyfriend a lot and try to describe him how you feel.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:buy a vacuum cleaner. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to buy a vacuum cleaner.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I find having a circle of friends helps. Advise with permission:	labels:In addition to being open to meeting new friends, involve yourself in projects from which you'll feel satisfied by your own results.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:My advice to you would be to go see a psychiatrist if possible and get a diagnosis. Advise with permission:	labels:I need you to either talk to me about what's happening, or please go see a doctor.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should speak to a therapist about this, it could really help you. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can speak to a therapist about this, it could really help you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should speak to a therapist about this, it could really help you. Advise with permission:	labels:With that being said, seeing a therapist is highly recommended as it sounds like continuous support may be necessary for healing to take place.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to go into monk mode and find yourself. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to go into monk mode and find yourself.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I’d recommend you seek counseling, he was still human. Advise with permission:	labels:I would highly encourage pre-marital counseling to explore these things and individual counseling for himself to work on fears and anxieties.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:But we have to keep remembering that we are still good and useful people and people love us. Advise with permission:	labels:Surrounding yourself with people who remind you that you are a good person is a great idea.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You can reset your outlook on life. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can reset your outlook on life.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:work out. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to work out.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Try to make new friends, and i'm sure you'll find a new better girl! Advise with permission:	labels:Give yourself some credit for being awesome and tell yourself you can build new friendships.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to get a job and save up every penny you can if you don't have bills to pay right now. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to try to get a job and save up every penny you can if you don't have bills to pay right now.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You cant tell your self cant, cause you proved once to your self can. Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be tot tell your self cant, cause you proved once to your self can.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:When those fights do come up, perhaps it's a good idea to back off a bit, maybe both of you write down your thoughts, and then come back to talk. Advise with permission:	labels:If she gets angry and then calms down a little while later, maybe one of you can take a timeout in the discussion and set a time when you will come back to it.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try and help your gran dude Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can try and help your gran dude	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could offer to collect your desk and chair or ask to expense a new one. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can offer to collect your desk and chair or ask to expense a new one.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to find a counsellor you can trust, which definitely makes a huge difference. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to find a counsellor you can trust, which definitely makes a huge difference.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:learn to love the new paint color and keep reminding yourself that it’s the same house and it will always be the same house, just some things have changed. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can learn to love the new paint color and keep reminding yourself that it’s the same house and it will always be the same house, just some things have changed.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I think if you make new friends who genuinely care about you and check up on you it will help for sure. Advise with permission:	labels:In addition to being open to meeting new friends, involve yourself in projects from which you'll feel satisfied by your own results.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to try to change your mindset, talking about problems is very human and you're not burdening anyone by telling them how you feel! Advise with permission:	labels:Talking with someone who can be non-judgmental and reflects an empathetic position toward you might be what you need right now.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You can just admit you were flirting and think she’s cute. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to just admit you were flirting and think she’s cute.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try having smaller meals spaced out every few hours. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to try having smaller meals spaced out every few hours.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Once you get yourself safe then you can try to help him too. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps he or she can assist you in navigating through this.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:think about how often we regret things we've done in the past. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to think about how often we regret things we've done in the past.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I tried slowly with my therapist, and maybe you should to. Advise with permission:	labels:If many months pass and you see no progress, then definitely consider a few sessions with a therapist who would be able to guide you to become more open to your feelings.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take it as a learning experience. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to take it as a learning experience.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to wake up 30min or 1h earlier every day until you reach 10h of sleep. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can try to wake up 30min or 1h earlier every day until you reach 10h of sleep.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I would also recommend seeing if there is a time you can spend by yourself to have your own reflection as this can help clear you mind and gather your thoughts. Advise with permission:	labels:Knowing your personal limits and when to pull back and take a break will give you a chance to recharge your mental and physical energy, thus helping you face the demands of your job.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to get on some kind of medication if you can, in the mean time, try to find a careers service or helpline that can help you, colleges and universities can sometimes offer careers support. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to try to get on some kind of medication if you can, in the mean time, try to find a careers service or helpline that can help you, colleges and universities can sometimes offer careers support.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take good care. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to take good care.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to vent all your concerns to someone who cares and is an expert in these matters. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to vent all your concerns to someone who cares and is an expert in these matters.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Talk with your boyfriend a lot and try to describe him how you feel. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if both you and your boyfriend could have a conversation about what you both want, wish for, and desire from one another right now.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You can reset your outlook on life. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to reset your outlook on life.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I think you should really take some time to work on your perfectionist tendencies and take it easier on yourself. Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to really take some time to work on your perfectionist tendencies and take it easier on yourself.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:focus more attention on that even if you only think you're decent at it, then you'll get better and that might give you confidence to try other stuff you're interested in? Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to focus more attention on that even if you only think you're decent at it, then you'll get better and that might give you confidence to try other stuff you're interested in?	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Here's the advice I normally give- The relationship is over and it's time to cut them off and move on when you can no longer see being with that person long term/raising children with them/it's not effective for you anymore (ex. Advise with permission:	labels:If you get more answers from her which aren't agreeable with you, then it is time to put the hope for this relationship behind you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:talk to me when you turn 30 and get confused because you still feel 20 in your mind. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to talk to me when you turn 30 and get confused because you still feel 20 in your mind.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:choose what you want but never make a choice based on fear. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can choose what you want but never make a choice based on fear.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:wait until you’re over 40. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to wait until you’re over 40.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:thank you but please show this to them if you do it you will do a service to all the people who respect quarantine Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to thank you but please show this to them if you do it you will do a service to all the people who respect quarantine	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to balance your time with work and school. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to balance your time with work and school.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:learn a new talent. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to learn a new talent.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to look for people with whom it just works, not to fix it with those with whom it doesn't. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to try to look for people with whom it just works, not to fix it with those with whom it doesn't.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to focus on the alternative things you can do now. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to try to focus on the alternative things you can do now.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:so try making new friends too, it's always a good idea. Advise with permission:	labels:In addition to being open to meeting new friends, involve yourself in projects from which you'll feel satisfied by your own results.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You can also try meeting new people . Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can also try meeting new people .	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should probably be talking with a professional about all of this. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can probably be talking with a professional about all of this.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I still think therapy would be a good idea just to get some coping strategies with what sounds like a very hard situation and so that you can figure out what the next move is. Advise with permission:	labels:This is a crucial time for you to potentially seek professional support from a therapist in order to understand yourself and not shut down, if that's what happened before.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should also find someone to be accountable to, that you can talk to every time you feel like relapsing. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to also find someone to be accountable to, that you can talk to every time you feel like relapsing.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should make sure everything is bad, before you go. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to make sure everything is bad, before you go.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:find support groups, therapy, and get help for your drug use, so you can be there for your family and be a better friend and boyfriend. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to find support groups, therapy, and get help for your drug use, so you can be there for your family and be a better friend and boyfriend.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Just make sure you have some time to recover and be kind to yourself. Advise with permission:	labels:It's important that you are patient with yourself and tolerant of your discomfort.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:eat something if you feel dizzy. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to eat something if you feel dizzy.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:And once you've chosen that thing to do, then take the time to do some proper preparation beforehand. Advise with permission:	labels:Have a ritual to begin the day   Consider setting a one sentence intention and plan tasks for the day2.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to extend that joy and let them be excited. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to try to extend that joy and let them be excited.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I know it’s hard, but try your best to smile and be amiable to those new people, at least when you first meet them, and be honest. Advise with permission:	labels:When having this conversation, it's important that you are both respectful and open with each other.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:let's make a plan here. Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to let's make a plan here.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should investigate into your province. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can investigate into your province.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try starting some new traditions that you can look forward to over the holidays. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to try starting some new traditions that you can look forward to over the holidays.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should see about getting him to a doctor or psychiatrist, as they can prescribe medication that might help. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to see about getting him to a doctor or psychiatrist, as they can prescribe medication that might help.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:think about the best move possible at that point in time. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to think about the best move possible at that point in time.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:look around, take stock of your world and see what can be done to make it better for you. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to look around, take stock of your world and see what can be done to make it better for you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:making and taking moments to do things that feel good for yourself and enjoying it like a hot shower or eating your favorite food. Advise with permission:	labels:This can be anything with your senses----getting a snack like tea and focusing on that taste, smelling something pleasant, listening to some relaxing music, looking through a magazine, taking a shower.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to make the best of the present. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to try to make the best of the present.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:think about your hobbies, the things you like to do, and find someone or a community who also likes those things. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can think about your hobbies, the things you like to do, and find someone or a community who also likes those things.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Maybe you could look into it and get your mom interested. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can look into it and get your mom interested.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:get a better lawyer. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to get a better lawyer.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:let em find someone else to take care of them when they're old and find someone else to bury their asses when they're  dead. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to let em find someone else to take care of them when they're old and find someone else to bury their asses when they're  dead.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:eat something if you feel dizzy. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to eat something if you feel dizzy.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should Just give some time for you tô think about it and try to be the best person you can, Just try have a Nice conversation with this girl, probably she can help you much more than i can. Advise with permission:	labels:One thing you could try is to have a conversation when neither of you is upset so that you learn what makes each of you feel cared for and valued.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I really think you should consider talking with someone about your feelings. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be helpful to explore the feelings you're having  with your therapist.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You can start by planting trees, to be honest , that's actually more important than creating stuff that destroys environment. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to start by planting trees, to be honest , that's actually more important than creating stuff that destroys environment.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I’d suggest the first thing you do is call a therapist/school counsellor, they hopefully be able to give you advice on how to start putting things back in order. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe this is a good thing to discuss with your specific therapist at the beginning of your next session --- maybe they can help you find some strategies or tools to make it easier?	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to keep your mind occupied, and if you love life, life will love you back. Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to try to keep your mind occupied, and if you love life, life will love you back.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:if you think it’s really bad though you might wanna get some therapy for your anxiety Advise with permission:	labels:If you notice any shakiness, becoming tearful, anxious or aggressive when approaching social encounters, you may want to talk to the school counselor or children’s therapist to evaluate those symptoms and rule out any behavioral problems or social anxiety.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take a break if life overwhelms you. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can take a break if life overwhelms you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If you haven't been able to turn this around on your own, I would strongly encourage you to find a good therapist. Advise with permission:	labels:This is a crucial time for you to potentially seek professional support from a therapist in order to understand yourself and not shut down, if that's what happened before.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:say that that's what you need and he/she won't have to violate confidentiality. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to say that that's what you need and he/she won't have to violate confidentiality.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:perceive every time you wake up as a new slate ) Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to perceive every time you wake up as a new slate  )	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to say how you feel to either get back together or find closure. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to say how you feel to either get back together or find closure.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to have new experiences. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can have new experiences.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should see about getting him to a doctor or psychiatrist, as they can prescribe medication that might help. Advise with permission:	labels:It is also a good idea to get a medical evaluation from your doctor to rule out any medical causes for your current condition.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:support your sister and try to get everyone into counselling, even if it’s not affordable, in situations like this there are at least a ton of free or affordable options for kids under 18. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can support your sister and try to get everyone into counselling, even if it’s not affordable, in situations like this there are at least a ton of free or affordable options for kids under 18.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If you think that seeing a therapist would help you to understand yourself better, I think it's worth doing. Advise with permission:	labels:With that being said, seeing a therapist is highly recommended as it sounds like continuous support may be necessary for healing to take place.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could maybe try online dating, not necessarily to meet-and-date, but it will help to bring your confidence back up again. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to maybe try online dating, not necessarily to meet-and-date, but it will help to bring your confidence back up again.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:hand this information to professionals and let them decide. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to hand this information to professionals and let them decide.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:It’s gonna be a difficult mindset to change but I’d recommend just being nicer to yourself and forcing yourself to come up with compliments, so you don’t feel so negative. Advise with permission:	labels:One way to work on not always thinking so negatively about yourself is to surround yourself with people who are more positive toward you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:make some soup in advance because you wont eat anything else for about a week. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can make some soup in advance because you wont eat anything else for about a week.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should be very careful. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to be very careful.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to get away from your parents NOW. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can get away from your parents NOW.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:gotta start with the things you enjoy and build on them. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to gotta start with the things you enjoy and build on them.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:think about what in a friendship is important for you. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to think about what in a friendship is important for you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take good care. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can take good care.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to catch yourself thinking like that and at least stop it. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can try to catch yourself thinking like that and at least stop it.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to live maybe things will get better or maybe not nobody knows. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to try to live maybe things will get better or maybe not nobody knows.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could take public transportation or your parents could take you there. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to take public transportation or your parents could take you there.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Try to catch yourself thinking like that and at least stop it. Advise with permission:	labels:It's appropriate to give a consequence for this type of behaviour, so that the child doesn't do it again.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:fold your damn clothes. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can fold your damn clothes.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Try not to compare yourself to others and you'll feel a lot better ) Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe if you examine the thoughts which upset you, you'll be able to feel better by understanding that the thoughts are not very relevant to your actual life.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could also look into ways to get more followers to feel further validated in that sense. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to also look into ways to get more followers to feel further validated in that sense.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Or maybe even joining an online support group with people with similar experiences? Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps there will be a support group you could also join.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:learn to love the new paint color and keep reminding yourself that it’s the same house and it will always be the same house, just some things have changed. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to learn to love the new paint color and keep reminding yourself that it’s the same house and it will always be the same house, just some things have changed.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:go find another job it's a sign that you needed to get out from that toxic place Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to go find another job it's a sign that you needed to get out from that toxic place	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:keep a progress report on how you're doing. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to keep a progress report on how you're doing.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You can just admit you were flirting and think she’s cute. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to just admit you were flirting and think she’s cute.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:let life do its thing! Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to let life do its thing!	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could also just dump the ashes in a lake or something, as long as you don't get caught no one can do anything. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to also just dump the ashes in a lake or something, as long as you don't get caught no one can do anything.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should speak to a therapist about this, it could really help you. Advise with permission:	labels:With that being said, seeing a therapist is highly recommended as it sounds like continuous support may be necessary for healing to take place.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Drink lots of water!!! Advise with permission:	labels:Instead of mindlessly taking another glass of alcohol, drink a glass of water.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try a new hobby so your mind is focused somewhere else! Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to try a new hobby so your mind is focused somewhere else!	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:go running like crazy, your lungs and your legs will hurt. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to go running like crazy, your lungs and your legs will hurt.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:compared to most it sounds like you just need to tweak a few things to get your life back on track. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to compared to most it sounds like you just need to tweak a few things to get your life back on track.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to wake up 30min or 1h earlier every day until you reach 10h of sleep. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to try to wake up 30min or 1h earlier every day until you reach 10h of sleep.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could also just dump the ashes in a lake or something, as long as you don't get caught no one can do anything. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to also just dump the ashes in a lake or something, as long as you don't get caught no one can do anything.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:But we have to keep remembering that we are still good and useful people and people love us. Advise with permission:	labels:Surrounding yourself with people who remind you that you are a good person is a great idea.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:im not saying you should put less effort into things, but calming down and relieving all the pressure you night have in yourself definitely takes some of the stress off Advise with permission:	labels:Take your emotional weariness seriously and reflect on the various ways of stress relief which are available and interest you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:set a couple hours aside and do completely nothing. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can set a couple hours aside and do completely nothing.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try not to compare yourself to others and you'll feel a lot better ) Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to try not to compare yourself to others and you'll feel a lot better  )	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take advantage of what they were doing by trying to embarrass you. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can take advantage of what they were doing by trying to embarrass you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Try to spend time doing things you enjoy - not things you used to enjoy which have since lost what made them fun but spend time doing your best to enjoy yourself and always try to find ways to give meaning to your life so that you have something to pull yourself away from the dark thoughts Advise with permission:	labels:I know it may sound pointless in the moment, and you may feel a great deal of inertia in doing so, but you may find that if you force yourself to do something small that is pleasurable, like taking a walk for example, there's a good chance you will be glad that you did so after the fact.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You can take an over the counter allergy medication to see if that doesn't dry up your weeping problem. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to take an over the counter allergy medication to see if that doesn't dry up your weeping problem.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:make sure you are eating because the body needs energy even if you aren't hungry. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to make sure you are eating because the body needs energy even if you aren't hungry.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to have new experiences. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to have new experiences.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:keep looking, though, and try to find positivity. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to keep looking, though, and try to find positivity.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You can always tell your doctor if you feel bad after them. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to always tell your doctor if you feel bad after them.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:offer people help. Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to offer people help.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should Just give some time for you tô think about it and try to be the best person you can, Just try have a Nice conversation with this girl, probably she can help you much more than i can. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can Just give some time for you tô think about it and try to be the best person you can, Just try have a Nice conversation with this girl, probably she can help you much more than i can.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:punch something --- not a hard surface, if you do not want to actually hurt your hands. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to punch something --- not a hard surface, if you do not want to actually hurt your hands.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:stop over-hyping the office of two elected officials and learn the names of the other people who influence your life. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can stop over-hyping the office of two elected officials and learn the names of the other people who influence your life.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:type the ip address into google, then try and get into contact with the police. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can type the ip address into google, then try and get into contact with the police.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:see if you can find a group on facebook or a subreddit here where people dealt with or are still dealing with the feelings. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to see if you can find a group on facebook or a subreddit here where people dealt with or are still dealing with the feelings.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You have support from family, and you can reach out to friends without burdening, let them know how your doing and give them a chance. Advise with permission:	labels:In addition to being open to meeting new friends, involve yourself in projects from which you'll feel satisfied by your own results.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could talk to me about your problems, I could talk to you about mine and you could try not to be 'brutally honest'. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to talk to me about your problems, I could talk to you about mine and you could try not to be 'brutally honest'.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Still, it might be worth talking to your SO; if both of you are having trouble, wouldn’t it be better to support one another through this? Advise with permission:	labels:I am not sure if he is willing to talk about his health situation, but letting him know that you want to support him and also need his support may be helpful.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could visit home for an extended holiday during the Christmas break if that's possible. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to visit home for an extended holiday during the Christmas break if that's possible.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could do something good with your life. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can do something good with your life.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Believe me honesty is the best policy and he will appreciate you being honest with him and letting him know how you feel currently. Advise with permission:	labels:I think he will appreciate your honesty and maybe this conversation will bring you relief and also time to find something you really will enjoy.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I suggest you distance yourself from how you feel by breaking it down into technical behaviour patterns. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to distance yourself from how you feel by breaking it down into technical behaviour patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:focus on what you want and don't let dissapointments sway you from your goal. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can focus on what you want and don't let dissapointments sway you from your goal.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Please, instead contact someone who can help you through this process, a therapist or just a the suicide line (whatever it is in your country). Advise with permission:	labels:A Life Coach or professional therapist could help to guide you through these emotions and refer you to additional professional help if needed.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take that birthday card and put it in a big box with all her other gifts and cards because she will open and read each one. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can take that birthday card and put it in a big box with all her other gifts and cards because she will open and read each one.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try looking that up and see if it sounds right. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to try looking that up and see if it sounds right.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:embrace those emotions you have. Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to embrace those emotions you have.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Whatever it is remember, feeling good about yourself is one step closer to have good relationships with others. Advise with permission:	labels:Surrounding yourself with people who remind you that you are a good person is a great idea.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to talk about it with someone, I understand, it may be that you could approach the subject delicately. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to talk about it with someone, I understand, it may be that you could approach the subject delicately.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If you're able to please seek help with your social anxiety even if you're scared. Advise with permission:	labels:If you notice any shakiness, becoming tearful, anxious or aggressive when approaching social encounters, you may want to talk to the school counselor or children’s therapist to evaluate those symptoms and rule out any behavioral problems or social anxiety.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:check with your landlord and tell them exactly what's happening. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can check with your landlord and tell them exactly what's happening.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:if you think it’s really bad though you might wanna get some therapy for your anxiety Advise with permission:	labels:If you notice any shakiness, becoming tearful, anxious or aggressive when approaching social encounters, you may want to talk to the school counselor or children’s therapist to evaluate those symptoms and rule out any behavioral problems or social anxiety.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You might benefit from talking to a therapist yourself (who could also tell you more about what your ex is going through). Advise with permission:	labels:It would be helpful to explore the feelings you're having  with your therapist.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:keep your eyes open. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to keep your eyes open.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take advantage of what they were doing by trying to embarrass you. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to take advantage of what they were doing by trying to embarrass you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I do have some advice that has helped me. Advise with permission:	labels:Finding additional support from a trained professional whom you feel comfortable with could be the best way to get the help that you need.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If you don't think you could talk about your problems with someone you know, maybe a therapist. Advise with permission:	labels:If you are not comfortable discussing this with your therapist, this may be something to take into consideration and worthy of thinking about  why you are not comfortable speaking to the therapist.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could also try rubbing your thumb up and down the inside of your forearm or on your palm. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can also try rubbing your thumb up and down the inside of your forearm or on your palm.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:start small and eventually you will be able to start seeing yourself in all that which leads to being able to talk about yourself. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to start small and eventually you will be able to start seeing yourself in all that which leads to being able to talk about yourself.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I think you should talk to him about that. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can talk to him about that.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I think you should call your doctors office and ask because these thing might be specific from office to office. Advise with permission:	labels:I need you to either talk to me about what's happening, or please go see a doctor.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try getting a full body massage. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to try getting a full body massage.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Real talk you should speak with a counselor or psychiatrist to address any underlying cause. Advise with permission:	labels:It can be helpful to address this big "elephant in the room" and talk to your therapist about this.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take some time to settle down, eat a box of ice cream if it makes you feel better. Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to take some time to settle down, eat a box of ice cream if it makes you feel better.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to get a job and save up every penny you can if you don't have bills to pay right now. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to try to get a job and save up every penny you can if you don't have bills to pay right now.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:let them ease your fears. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to let them ease your fears.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Please, instead contact someone who can help you through this process, a therapist or just a the suicide line (whatever it is in your country). Advise with permission:	labels:A Life Coach or professional therapist could help to guide you through these emotions and refer you to additional professional help if needed.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:share your feelings. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to share your feelings.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to spend time doing things you enjoy - not things you used to enjoy which have since lost what made them fun but spend time doing your best to enjoy yourself and always try to find ways to give meaning to your life so that you have something to pull yourself away from the dark thoughts Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to try to spend time doing things you enjoy - not things you used to enjoy which have since lost what made them fun but spend time doing your best to enjoy yourself and always try to find ways to give meaning to your life so that you have something to pull yourself away from the dark thoughts	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:wait until you’re over 40. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to wait until you’re over 40.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:keep your eyes open. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to keep your eyes open.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:punch something --- not a hard surface, if you do not want to actually hurt your hands. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to punch something --- not a hard surface, if you do not want to actually hurt your hands.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If you have kids already, try to get her to go to counseling with you. Advise with permission:	labels:If it is possible, see if he would be willing to go to a counselor with you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try doing new things first or old once that you haven’t done in a while. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to try doing new things first or old once that you haven’t done in a while.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take some time, consider what you really want to do and only do anything when you're sure of what the consequences will be. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to take some time, consider what you really want to do and only do anything when you're sure of what the consequences will be.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:find the strength within yourself. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to find the strength within yourself.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:pm me, ill talk to you, i cant promise that i can magicly fix you. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to pm me, ill talk to you, i cant promise that i can magicly fix you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:talk with us, open up more. Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to talk with us, open up more.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:keep water all the time. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to keep water all the time.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Go to therapy and try to join a club of some sort. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to meet with a therapist and ask them how they might be able to help you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Maybe you could look into it and get your mom interested. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to look into it and get your mom interested.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Also, if you depression is really that bad you could start going to a psychiatrist, although I hate them, medication could cure and treat your depression. Advise with permission:	labels:So, don't be surprised if your primary care doctor offers to put you on an anti-depressant if they diagnose you with depression.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:believe me honesty is the best policy and he will appreciate you being honest with him and letting him know how you feel currently. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to believe me honesty is the best policy and he will appreciate you being honest with him and letting him know how you feel currently.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:go on walks. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can go on walks.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Sure, try to do better in the future but forgive yourself for what is already done. Advise with permission:	labels:It's time to put your past mistakes away on the shelf knowing that you've learned from them and are a better person now.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You shouldn't feel guilty over who you want to date. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want ton't feel guilty over who you want to date.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:give yourself some time and figure out what you should do. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to give yourself some time and figure out what you should do.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try not to think of it as below you, times can be tough for the best of us. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to try not to think of it as below you, times can be tough for the best of us.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If you can find it in your area, I recommend getting some therapy for PTSD. Advise with permission:	labels:If this is the case I strongly recommend individual therapy to begin working through some of these issues.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:rehome your cats if you can't take care of them. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to rehome your cats if you can't take care of them.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:let life happen. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to let life happen.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should seek out help. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can seek out help.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Showing her that you will always be her friend no matter her mental state will probably be comforting. Advise with permission:	labels:Additionally, talking to close or compassionate family and friends is always good.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Good night, try to get some sleep. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to look up "sleepy hygiene" and try to make your bedtime rituals as relaxing as possible.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You can always carry on CS along side your other subject . Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can always carry on CS along side your other subject .	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to try to change your mindset, talking about problems is very human and you're not burdening anyone by telling them how you feel! Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to try to change your mindset, talking about problems is very human and you're not burdening anyone by telling them how you feel!	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:go out and try to do new things. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to go out and try to do new things.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should probably be talking with a professional about all of this. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to probably be talking with a professional about all of this.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:watch youtube while you wait or even people watch. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to watch youtube while you wait or even people watch.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If will be better if you stop thinking about relationship and try make some good friends and focus on improving yourself. Advise with permission:	labels:Give yourself some credit for being awesome and tell yourself you can build new friendships.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could also try losing yourself in your mind if that makes sense-creating fantasy stories in your head about faraway kingdoms and stuff. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to also try losing yourself in your mind if that makes sense-creating fantasy stories in your head about faraway kingdoms and stuff.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:put the phone in plain sight and say what you need to say. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can put the phone in plain sight and say what you need to say.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I’d recommend you seek counseling, he was still human. Advise with permission:	labels:I would highly encourage pre-marital counseling to explore these things and individual counseling for himself to work on fears and anxieties.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Your friends will help you, let them know how much you are struggling. Advise with permission:	labels:I would also recommend that you seek support from loved ones.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Be friends. Advise with permission:	labels:Additionally, talking to close or compassionate family and friends is always good.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:think about how often we regret things we've done in the past. Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to think about how often we regret things we've done in the past.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You shouldnt blame them....since you should be maturing to where you depend less on them since you are already 16. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you cannt blame them....since you should be maturing to where you depend less on them since you are already 16.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:do something small for a stranger every day. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can do something small for a stranger every day.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:remember your self worth. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to remember your self worth.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to get rid of that bottle of rum. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can try to get rid of that bottle of rum.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try not to sleep more than 10h. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to try not to sleep more than 10h.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:check with your landlord and tell them exactly what's happening. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to check with your landlord and tell them exactly what's happening.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:keep the hope for better days and maybe they will come. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to keep the hope for better days and maybe they will come.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I think you should call your doctors office and ask because these thing might be specific from office to office. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to call your doctors office and ask because these thing might be specific from office to office.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could also consider therapy. Advise with permission:	labels:It may also be helpful to discuss these ideas with a local therapist.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:concentrate on you and find a path you want to follow. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to concentrate on you and find a path you want to follow.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:support your sister and try to get everyone into counselling, even if it’s not affordable, in situations like this there are at least a ton of free or affordable options for kids under 18. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to support your sister and try to get everyone into counselling, even if it’s not affordable, in situations like this there are at least a ton of free or affordable options for kids under 18.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If this is going to traumatize you then you really need to seek help so you can learn to move past this issue or You will continue to see this as the reason for EVERY failure life will throw at you. Advise with permission:	labels:In a scenario where you doubt if you should tell him about this or that, as another counselor suggested, out of fear of any form of abuse or retaliation, those would be serious enough to show you this could never truly work.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try and have some fun and remember why you're living, because sometimes school takes that away for me after it gets to a certain level of stress. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to try and have some fun and remember why you're living, because sometimes school takes that away for me after it gets to a certain level of stress.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to focus on the alternative things you can do now. Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to try to focus on the alternative things you can do now.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:find what makes you happy and live a good life. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can find what makes you happy and live a good life.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You need to find a counsellor you can trust, which definitely makes a huge difference. Advise with permission:	labels:She might really appreciate it if you also let her know that regaining her trust is really important to you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:It surely won't harm anybody, if you see a doctor. Advise with permission:	labels:It doesn't hurt to get checked out.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Be patient with yourself. Advise with permission:	labels:It's important that you are patient with yourself and tolerant of your discomfort.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:go to google and search for a singles hangout for your city. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to go to google and search for a singles hangout for your city.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:Actual physical panic symptoms are definitely something to share with your doctor/psychologist ASAP. Advise with permission:	labels:Talking to your physician is always a good place to start; your physician can tell you if there are organic influences causing your anxiety that may be out of your control.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:thank you but please show this to them if you do it you will do a service to all the people who respect quarantine Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to thank you but please show this to them if you do it you will do a service to all the people who respect quarantine	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should probably speak to a careers adviser (if you have one in your school) or speak to people in the CS field you might know, they should give you the advice you need. Advise with permission:	labels:Another idea is to chat with a counselor, if you are interested.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:keep seeing different doctors until you find one who will take you seriously and not act like an ass to you. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can keep seeing different doctors until you find one who will take you seriously and not act like an ass to you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to extend that joy and let them be excited. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to try to extend that joy and let them be excited.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You should never feel bad about taking time away to help yourself! Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to never feel bad about taking time away to help yourself!	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:drink lots of water!!! Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can drink lots of water!!!	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:think to yourself, watching tv makes me happy. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to think to yourself, watching tv makes me happy.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:reach out to your friends. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to reach out to your friends.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:thank god you are done with him. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can thank god you are done with him.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If you dont have anyone like that, find some in the meantime while you also seek out therapy. Advise with permission:	labels:You can suggest that she enter counseling or therapy.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try a new hobby so your mind is focused somewhere else! Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to try a new hobby so your mind is focused somewhere else!	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You can write phrases, cut out words from a magazine, draw how you feel, etc. Advise with permission:	labels:Maybe it is important to write phrases, cut out words from a magazine, draw how you feel, etc.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If that doesn't work, talk to a school counselor. Advise with permission:	labels:Another idea is to chat with a counselor, if you are interested.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:seek help before it’s too late. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to seek help before it’s too late.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try to celebrate the little victories. Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to try to celebrate the little victories.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:act as though you were that person. Advise with permission:	labels:I wonder if you can act as though you were that person.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:put your energy into moving your own life into the direction you want. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to put your energy into moving your own life into the direction you want.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If you can go in with an open mind you'll meet a lot of good people and find a support network. Advise with permission:	labels:In addition to being open to meeting new friends, involve yourself in projects from which you'll feel satisfied by your own results.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:embrace those emotions you have. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to embrace those emotions you have.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could offer to collect your desk and chair or ask to expense a new one. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to offer to collect your desk and chair or ask to expense a new one.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:choose what you want but never make a choice based on fear. Advise with permission:	labels:It maybe helpful to choose what you want but never make a choice based on fear.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take that alcohol and save it for a bbq or good football game. Advise with permission:	labels:Perhaps you can take that alcohol and save it for a bbq or good football game.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:take a deep breath and realize that is the reason the pics are up is for people to 'like' them. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to take a deep breath and realize that is the reason the pics are up is for people to 'like' them.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could also try rubbing your thumb up and down the inside of your forearm or on your palm. Advise with permission:	labels:It would be a good idea to also try rubbing your thumb up and down the inside of your forearm or on your palm.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I'm willing to talk if you want, but please get a doctor. Advise with permission:	labels:I need you to either talk to me about what's happening, or please go see a doctor.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:If you can find it in your area, I recommend getting some therapy for PTSD. Advise with permission:	labels:If this is the case I strongly recommend individual therapy to begin working through some of these issues.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:give it like a year and you'll be fully transformed. Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to give it like a year and you'll be fully transformed.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:try limiting your screen time in your phone settings and just step away from the black mirror for a while Advise with permission:	labels:An option would be to try limiting your screen time in your phone settings and just step away from the black mirror for a while	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:keep looking at that light! Advise with permission:	labels:It may be important to keep looking at that light!	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:I just mean keep trying to get a hold of the therapist and if no response contact other facilities to try and set up an appointment. Advise with permission:	labels:I encourage you to meet with a therapist and ask them how they might be able to help you.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:tell your doctor/ nurse / shaman and they can probably just up the dosage of medication or put u on some Advise with permission:	labels:I would encourage you to tell your doctor/ nurse / shaman and they can probably just up the dosage of medication or put u on some	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:You could go to college or community college. Advise with permission:	labels:You may want to go to college or community college.	episode_done:True
text:Advise without permission:if you are really suicidal i think you should try to go to a hospital, your safety is  important Advise with permission:	labels:Anytime sadness causes thoughts of suicide or self harm, it is important to get help immediately.	episode_done:True
