text:Once you get yourself safe then you can try to help him too.	labels:Perhaps he or she can assist you in navigating through this.	episode_done:True
text:I’d recommend you seek counseling, he was still human.	labels:I would highly encourage pre-marital counseling to explore these things and individual counseling for himself to work on fears and anxieties.	episode_done:True
text:Be patient with yourself.	labels:It's important that you are patient with yourself and tolerant of your discomfort.	episode_done:True
text:Here's the advice I normally give- The relationship is over and it's time to cut them off and move on when you can no longer see being with that person long term/raising children with them/it's not effective for you anymore (ex.	labels:If you get more answers from her which aren't agreeable with you, then it is time to put the hope for this relationship behind you.	episode_done:True
text:I think you should call your doctors office and ask because these thing might be specific from office to office.	labels:I need you to either talk to me about what's happening, or please go see a doctor.	episode_done:True
text:If you can find it in your area, I recommend getting some therapy for PTSD.	labels:If this is the case I strongly recommend individual therapy to begin working through some of these issues.	episode_done:True
text:If you feel this way you should let him know so you guys can sort this out.	labels:And if it can, there needs to be an action plan in place (i. e.  being honest with how he's feeling) so that you both get a chance to rectify the situation.	episode_done:True
text:Believe me honesty is the best policy and he will appreciate you being honest with him and letting him know how you feel currently.	labels:I think he will appreciate your honesty and maybe this conversation will bring you relief and also time to find something you really will enjoy.	episode_done:True
text:Good night, try to get some sleep.	labels:I would encourage you to look up "sleepy hygiene" and try to make your bedtime rituals as relaxing as possible.	episode_done:True
text:if you think it’s really bad though you might wanna get some therapy for your anxiety	labels:If you notice any shakiness, becoming tearful, anxious or aggressive when approaching social encounters, you may want to talk to the school counselor or children’s therapist to evaluate those symptoms and rule out any behavioral problems or social anxiety.	episode_done:True
text:making and taking moments to do things that feel good for yourself and enjoying it like a hot shower or eating your favorite food.	labels:This can be anything with your senses----getting a snack like tea and focusing on that taste, smelling something pleasant, listening to some relaxing music, looking through a magazine, taking a shower.	episode_done:True
text:Real talk you should speak with a counselor or psychiatrist to address any underlying cause.	labels:It can be helpful to address this big "elephant in the room" and talk to your therapist about this.	episode_done:True
text:If will be better if you stop thinking about relationship and try make some good friends and focus on improving yourself.	labels:Give yourself some credit for being awesome and tell yourself you can build new friendships.	episode_done:True
text:Go to therapy and try to join a club of some sort.	labels:I encourage you to meet with a therapist and ask them how they might be able to help you.	episode_done:True
text:You have support from family, and you can reach out to friends without burdening, let them know how your doing and give them a chance.	labels:In addition to being open to meeting new friends, involve yourself in projects from which you'll feel satisfied by your own results.	episode_done:True
text:Try to spend time doing things you enjoy - not things you used to enjoy which have since lost what made them fun but spend time doing your best to enjoy yourself and always try to find ways to give meaning to your life so that you have something to pull yourself away from the dark thoughts	labels:I know it may sound pointless in the moment, and you may feel a great deal of inertia in doing so, but you may find that if you force yourself to do something small that is pleasurable, like taking a walk for example, there's a good chance you will be glad that you did so after the fact.	episode_done:True
text:Once you get yourself safe then you can try to help him too.	labels:Perhaps he or she can assist you in navigating through this.	episode_done:True
text:Sure, try to do better in the future but forgive yourself for what is already done.	labels:It's time to put your past mistakes away on the shelf knowing that you've learned from them and are a better person now.	episode_done:True
text:If you have kids already, try to get her to go to counseling with you.	labels:If it is possible, see if he would be willing to go to a counselor with you.	episode_done:True
text:When those fights do come up, perhaps it's a good idea to back off a bit, maybe both of you write down your thoughts, and then come back to talk.	labels:If she gets angry and then calms down a little while later, maybe one of you can take a timeout in the discussion and set a time when you will come back to it.	episode_done:True
text:My advice to you would be to go see a psychiatrist if possible and get a diagnosis.	labels:I need you to either talk to me about what's happening, or please go see a doctor.	episode_done:True
text:If you don't think you could talk about your problems with someone you know, maybe a therapist.	labels:If you are not comfortable discussing this with your therapist, this may be something to take into consideration and worthy of thinking about  why you are not comfortable speaking to the therapist.	episode_done:True
text:Real talk you should speak with a counselor or psychiatrist to address any underlying cause.	labels:It can be helpful to address this big "elephant in the room" and talk to your therapist about this.	episode_done:True
text:If you're able to please seek help with your social anxiety even if you're scared.	labels:If you notice any shakiness, becoming tearful, anxious or aggressive when approaching social encounters, you may want to talk to the school counselor or children’s therapist to evaluate those symptoms and rule out any behavioral problems or social anxiety.	episode_done:True
text:But we have to keep remembering that we are still good and useful people and people love us.	labels:Surrounding yourself with people who remind you that you are a good person is a great idea.	episode_done:True
text:Try not to compare yourself to others and you'll feel a lot better )	labels:Maybe if you examine the thoughts which upset you, you'll be able to feel better by understanding that the thoughts are not very relevant to your actual life.	episode_done:True
text:Find what makes you happy and live a good life.	labels:I also think it would be valuable for you to start engaging in things outside of the home that make you happy.	episode_done:True
text:You might benefit from talking to a therapist yourself (who could also tell you more about what your ex is going through).	labels:It would be helpful to explore the feelings you're having  with your therapist.	episode_done:True
text:Just make sure you have some time to recover and be kind to yourself.	labels:It's important that you are patient with yourself and tolerant of your discomfort.	episode_done:True
text:Doing things that are besides your work might be a great stress reliever.	labels:I also think it would be valuable for you to start engaging in things outside of the home that make you happy.	episode_done:True
text:Actual physical panic symptoms are definitely something to share with your doctor/psychologist ASAP.	labels:Talking to your physician is always a good place to start; your physician can tell you if there are organic influences causing your anxiety that may be out of your control.	episode_done:True
text:You could also consider therapy.	labels:It may also be helpful to discuss these ideas with a local therapist.	episode_done:True
text:If you dont have anyone like that, find some in the meantime while you also seek out therapy.	labels:You can suggest that she enter counseling or therapy.	episode_done:True
text:I would also recommend seeing if there is a time you can spend by yourself to have your own reflection as this can help clear you mind and gather your thoughts.	labels:Knowing your personal limits and when to pull back and take a break will give you a chance to recharge your mental and physical energy, thus helping you face the demands of your job.	episode_done:True
text:Talk with your boyfriend a lot and try to describe him how you feel.	labels:I wonder if both you and your boyfriend could have a conversation about what you both want, wish for, and desire from one another right now.	episode_done:True
text:You need to find a counsellor you can trust, which definitely makes a huge difference.	labels:She might really appreciate it if you also let her know that regaining her trust is really important to you.	episode_done:True
text:Maybe see a therapist and get some meds.	labels:I encourage you to meet with a therapist and ask them how they might be able to help you.	episode_done:True
text:I just mean keep trying to get a hold of the therapist and if no response contact other facilities to try and set up an appointment.	labels:I encourage you to meet with a therapist and ask them how they might be able to help you.	episode_done:True
text:Drink lots of water!!!	labels:Instead of mindlessly taking another glass of alcohol, drink a glass of water.	episode_done:True
text:If you can find it in your area, I recommend getting some therapy for PTSD.	labels:If this is the case I strongly recommend individual therapy to begin working through some of these issues.	episode_done:True
text:If you think that seeing a therapist would help you to understand yourself better, I think it's worth doing.	labels:With that being said, seeing a therapist is highly recommended as it sounds like continuous support may be necessary for healing to take place.	episode_done:True
text:If you haven't been able to turn this around on your own, I would strongly encourage you to find a good therapist.	labels:This is a crucial time for you to potentially seek professional support from a therapist in order to understand yourself and not shut down, if that's what happened before.	episode_done:True
text:Try to catch yourself thinking like that and at least stop it.	labels:It's appropriate to give a consequence for this type of behaviour, so that the child doesn't do it again.	episode_done:True
text:I find having a circle of friends helps.	labels:In addition to being open to meeting new friends, involve yourself in projects from which you'll feel satisfied by your own results.	episode_done:True
text:Drink lots of water!!!	labels:Instead of mindlessly taking another glass of alcohol, drink a glass of water.	episode_done:True
text:Try to make new friends, and i'm sure you'll find a new better girl!	labels:Give yourself some credit for being awesome and tell yourself you can build new friendships.	episode_done:True
text:Whatever it is remember, feeling good about yourself is one step closer to have good relationships with others.	labels:Surrounding yourself with people who remind you that you are a good person is a great idea.	episode_done:True
text:Still, it might be worth talking to your SO; if both of you are having trouble, wouldn’t it be better to support one another through this?	labels:I am not sure if he is willing to talk about his health situation, but letting him know that you want to support him and also need his support may be helpful.	episode_done:True
text:I tried slowly with my therapist, and maybe you should to.	labels:If many months pass and you see no progress, then definitely consider a few sessions with a therapist who would be able to guide you to become more open to your feelings.	episode_done:True
text:Either way, I really hope you see a therapist.	labels:With that being said, seeing a therapist is highly recommended as it sounds like continuous support may be necessary for healing to take place.	episode_done:True
text:I’d suggest the first thing you do is call a therapist/school counsellor, they hopefully be able to give you advice on how to start putting things back in order.	labels:Maybe this is a good thing to discuss with your specific therapist at the beginning of your next session --- maybe they can help you find some strategies or tools to make it easier?	episode_done:True
text:I would definitely suggest trying therapy.	labels:If this is the case I strongly recommend individual therapy to begin working through some of these issues.	episode_done:True
text:If you feel up to it at some point, you might consider consulting with a doctor.	labels:It would probably be very helpful to talk with a therapist about the specifics of this so that you can see what else is happening for you.	episode_done:True
text:You need to try to change your mindset, talking about problems is very human and you're not burdening anyone by telling them how you feel!	labels:Talking with someone who can be non-judgmental and reflects an empathetic position toward you might be what you need right now.	episode_done:True
text:Your friends will help you, let them know how much you are struggling.	labels:I would also recommend that you seek support from loved ones.	episode_done:True
text:Reasurring her that you're not calling her parenting skills into question, but trying to help her realize how her daughter may have felt.	labels:Ideally this part of the competition would not be about you saying he did something wrong, but just expressing how you felt when you heard about itIt may be helpful to discuss these things with a therapist first so you have some coping skills for being able to listen to him without being overly defensive and also expressing your feelings without blaming, both of which would be very natural in this situation.	episode_done:True
text:You should probably speak to a careers adviser (if you have one in your school) or speak to people in the CS field you might know, they should give you the advice you need.	labels:Another idea is to chat with a counselor, if you are interested.	episode_done:True
text:If that doesn't work, talk to a school counselor.	labels:Another idea is to chat with a counselor, if you are interested.	episode_done:True
text:If will be better if you stop thinking about relationship and try make some good friends and focus on improving yourself.	labels:Give yourself some credit for being awesome and tell yourself you can build new friendships.	episode_done:True
text:I know it’s hard, but try your best to smile and be amiable to those new people, at least when you first meet them, and be honest.	labels:When having this conversation, it's important that you are both respectful and open with each other.	episode_done:True
text:In fact, you might want to look at the requirements again, and ask if you want to take a different design approach.	labels:Maybe you need more time to reflect and organize your thoughts.	episode_done:True
text:If you have kids already, try to get her to go to counseling with you.	labels:If it is possible, see if he would be willing to go to a counselor with you.	episode_done:True
text:It won't make you miss her less but it will give you something you can enjoy that isn't touched by her loss.	labels:You can reassure her that you like her (if that's true), but you don't have to pity her.	episode_done:True
text:I’d recommend you seek counseling, he was still human.	labels:I would highly encourage pre-marital counseling to explore these things and individual counseling for himself to work on fears and anxieties.	episode_done:True
text:Please, instead contact someone who can help you through this process, a therapist or just a the suicide line (whatever it is in your country).	labels:A Life Coach or professional therapist could help to guide you through these emotions and refer you to additional professional help if needed.	episode_done:True
text:You should Just give some time for you tô think about it and try to be the best person you can, Just try have a Nice conversation with this girl, probably she can help you much more than i can.	labels:One thing you could try is to have a conversation when neither of you is upset so that you learn what makes each of you feel cared for and valued.	episode_done:True
text:You have support from family, and you can reach out to friends without burdening, let them know how your doing and give them a chance.	labels:In addition to being open to meeting new friends, involve yourself in projects from which you'll feel satisfied by your own results.	episode_done:True
text:You should see about getting him to a doctor or psychiatrist, as they can prescribe medication that might help.	labels:It is also a good idea to get a medical evaluation from your doctor to rule out any medical causes for your current condition.	episode_done:True
text:But we have to keep remembering that we are still good and useful people and people love us.	labels:Surrounding yourself with people who remind you that you are a good person is a great idea.	episode_done:True
text:if you think it’s really bad though you might wanna get some therapy for your anxiety	labels:If you notice any shakiness, becoming tearful, anxious or aggressive when approaching social encounters, you may want to talk to the school counselor or children’s therapist to evaluate those symptoms and rule out any behavioral problems or social anxiety.	episode_done:True
text:Be friends.	labels:Additionally, talking to close or compassionate family and friends is always good.	episode_done:True
text:You should speak to a therapist about this, it could really help you.	labels:With that being said, seeing a therapist is highly recommended as it sounds like continuous support may be necessary for healing to take place.	episode_done:True
text:If you haven't been able to turn this around on your own, I would strongly encourage you to find a good therapist.	labels:This is a crucial time for you to potentially seek professional support from a therapist in order to understand yourself and not shut down, if that's what happened before.	episode_done:True
text:I still think therapy would be a good idea just to get some coping strategies with what sounds like a very hard situation and so that you can figure out what the next move is.	labels:This is a crucial time for you to potentially seek professional support from a therapist in order to understand yourself and not shut down, if that's what happened before.	episode_done:True
text:Well even with a friend you trust might help.	labels:That work is something that is best done in the company of others like you as well as with at least another person who gets you and whom you can trust.	episode_done:True
text:You could do something good with your life.	labels:I also think it would be valuable for you to start engaging in things outside of the home that make you happy.	episode_done:True
text:I do have some advice that has helped me.	labels:Finding additional support from a trained professional whom you feel comfortable with could be the best way to get the help that you need.	episode_done:True
text:It’s gonna be a difficult mindset to change but I’d recommend just being nicer to yourself and forcing yourself to come up with compliments, so you don’t feel so negative.	labels:One way to work on not always thinking so negatively about yourself is to surround yourself with people who are more positive toward you.	episode_done:True
text:Please, instead contact someone who can help you through this process, a therapist or just a the suicide line (whatever it is in your country).	labels:A Life Coach or professional therapist could help to guide you through these emotions and refer you to additional professional help if needed.	episode_done:True
text:Don't feel afraid to talk to the therapist about this stuff.	labels:If you feel you are comfortable and able to speak to your therapist, that would be my first suggestion, is to tell he or she how you are feeling.	episode_done:True
text:I think you will feel less dead if you can find someone you trust to talk to.	labels:If you have someone you trust, you can ask for their help as well since most likely they see you differently than you see yourself.	episode_done:True
text:so try making new friends too, it's always a good idea.	labels:In addition to being open to meeting new friends, involve yourself in projects from which you'll feel satisfied by your own results.	episode_done:True
text:You two need to work out trust issues which will also be a a part of your healing .	labels:She might really appreciate it if you also let her know that regaining her trust is really important to you.	episode_done:True
